- If songs.db contains the top 100 songs of one listener from 2018, how would
  you characterize their audio aura?

  > The whole list of top 100 songs in songs.db contain an average energy of 0.65906,
    an average danceability of 0.71646, and an average valence of 0.484443. This means
    that, on average, the songs had about a 6.6/10 energy, 7.2/10 danceability, and
    4.8/10 valence (or positiveness, where a higher value indicates a positive track
    and a lower value indicates a negative track).

    Based on these average values, we can deduce that the audio aura would likely not
    result in pink, as that implies that they view the world with a sense of optimism,
    and given the low rating of valence, this seems unlikely. Orange implies high-energy,
    which isn't necessarily reflected in the average energy of the songs.

    As such, I would characterize this listener's audio aura as a mixture of yellow
    and purple, seeing how the valence is about half-way through being positive and
    negative, which I take it to mean that they can use that to fuel their focus as
    well as a relatively low amount of energy in the songs to further help in focusing.
    However, that amount of energy and relatively high amount of danceability means
    that they can use the music to get amped up and moving through their days, as
    described by a purple aura. So overall, I would characterize the audio aura as
    passionate and goal-oriented.


- Hypothesize about why the way you’ve calculated this aura might not be very
  representative of the listener. What better ways of calculating this aura
  would you propose?

  > The way I've calculated this aura might not be very representative of the listener
    because it doesn't take into account several other factors, such as the amount of
    times a song was listened to, or the amount of days that music was listened to. This
    could then mean that the audio aura calculated would only reflect a certain aspect
    of the listener's habits. Additionally, the danceability, energy, and valence of a
    song isn't necessarily objective, and could vary among listeners, meaning that a
    listener could categorize a song differently, and the factors outlined above may not
    exactly apply to them and represent them.

    Perhaps rather than calculating the average energy, danceability, and valence of a
    listener's top 100 songs, a variability of those same aspects of a song could be
    calculated, where we can see what the highest and lowest values of songs are and
    see by how much they vary in terms of energy, danceability, and valence. This could
    give us more information than only calculating the averages would, as there may be some
    outliers that could help better represent a person's audio aura for a given year.

    Additionally, there are several other aspects of a song that are rated and provided
    by the Spotify API, such as a song's loudness, speechiness, and tempo. If our
    calculation for the audio aura included these values as well, we would be able to
    have a better representation of the listener's taste in music and how it may
    represent them and their personality. Songs with low values for loudness and speechiness
    could show a better representation of a yellow aura, which is defined by a listener's
    desire to fuel their need for focus, motivation, and self-improvement while reducing
    their nerves. Songs with high tempo and high energy could reflect a listener's
    orange aura denoting their rebellious and bold type.
